# Examples of code by Ivan Boothe

_Note: Some images and other assets have been removed due to copyright and non-disclosure agreements._

## Frontend

* [Drupal gulp example](project_a/gulpfile.js): I've been working on this set of gulp-based tasks for awhile, through multiple projects. I think this is a good example of what I've ended up with, which sets up watch tasks (using BrowserSync) for compiling, compressing and linting Sass, JavaScript, images and fonts within a Drupal theme. In this case, it integrates a separately-created and -compiled instance of PatternLab elsewhere in the original repo by compiling it and moving it into the theme directory. It also includes a helper function for grabbing Drupal Twig templates and copying them into the custom theme, so that they can be pointed to Pattern Lab Twig templates.

* [Pattern Lab/Drupal 8 integration example](project_a/web/themes/custom/project_a_v2): This project involved a separate design agency delivering a Pattern Lab styleguide, which I then integrated into Drupal. Consequently, there's not a lot of Sass or JS here. What I did build was a component mapping (see [project_a_v2.info.yml](project_a/web/themes/custom/project_a_v2/project_a_v2.info.yml), lines 62-73) allowing us to directly reference Pattern Lab templates using the `@pl` prefix, put to use extensively in the [templates](project_a/web/themes/custom/project_a_v2/templates).

* [Drupal 8 custom theme example](project_s): This custom theme was originally derived from Zen theme's 8.x development version, but diverged quite a bit as that original theme stalled and the client's theme evolved. Includes a fully componentized atomic design (see [project_s.libraries.yml](project_s/project_s.libraries.yml) and the [components directory](project_s/components/)) with a [generated KSS styleguide](project_s/styleguide/) (see rendered [Section A](https://rootwork.github.io/code-examples/project_s/styleguide/section-scorecards.html) and [Section B](https://rootwork.github.io/code-examples/project_s/styleguide/section-slm.html) for examples).

* [Drupal 7 custom base theme example](project_c/project_c_base_responsive): This custom base theme was built for a university multisite installation profile. You can see examples of template preprocessing ([template.php](project_c/project_c_base_responsive/template.php)) and atomic-style Sass organization ([sass directory](project_c/project_c_base_responsive/sass) and [sass/modules directory](project_c/project_c_base_responsive/sass/modules)). Note for example the [event component](project_c/project_c_base_responsive/sass/modules/event), which includes the Sass, Twig template files and Pattern Lab dummy data all in a single directory.

* [Drupal 7 custom child theme example](project_c/project_c_dept3_responsive): This child theme of the previous example inherited all of the atomic design, and compiled it along with the child theme's additions into a [KSS styleguide](project_c/project_c_dept3_responsive/documentation/styleguide/) 
([view rendered Sass module guide](https://rootwork.github.io/code-examples/project_c/project_c_dept3_responsive/documentation/styleguide/section-modules.html)) and a [SassDoc listing](project_c/project_c_dept3_responsive/documentation/sassdoc/) ([view rendered SassDoc](https://rootwork.github.io/code-examples/project_c/project_c_dept3_responsive/documentation/sassdoc/)).